[Music]
this you we are going to make a wall a
big fat beautiful wall to protect Apple
citizens from disgusting Android users
we also change our terrible policies so
that if we are not spindle your
developer account will be terminated
this soon
AKA immediately so we are so excited to
announce the brand new R16 with brand
new design language called material U
and brand new wallpaper called I have
nothing to do with xiaomi and of course
this is different level conference it's
definitely not events for all the media
coverage and the YouTubers
so we have some new hobbies and it's
called Android notifications since 1984.
pretty amazing to me of what I used to
think as it was what I really do be to
do what I thought I was doing before but
I wasn't really doing and now we are
adding three of the most highly
requested feeders into iMessage and that
is definitely not including sending
iMessage from Android because print
bubbles are disgusting
Apple wallets and Apple pay are most
powerful than ever but we are not giving
any and accelerated API because fun fact
WWDC is not a developer conference I
have all loves kids desire the children
choose the perfect child single them out
let's talk about Cowboy is the best now
with the listed version of carplay your
iPhone can have direct access to your
wiggle
which means if your phone was
compromised you are dead AF
introducing what os9
let's talk about Mac with Apple's
weekend they are too good for Microsoft
Windows we are announcing the brand new
um too
this year we broke the law of physics by
allowing Max run against to tell you
more we are delighted to introduce Izu
insan
Apollo silicon no performance
introducing the all-new MacBook Air it
has a notch yeah it has a notch
through we are trying to hide it but it
has a notch
you once believe that we have developed
it's Windows 8. online collaboration are
getting more and more important and
that's why we developed the brand new
Google Docs oh remember the Windows 8
that were mentioned before yeah it's on
iPad now look how Big Apple has begun
it's big it's round and big I love it
thanks for watching and have a wonderful
rest of your day
by the way
um do you remember the kids oh like
please upload the photos of your case to
iCloud
um we really need those for science
reason you know we are developers we
want to see some development
you know very important stuff